What do you call a dinosaur that is sleeping? A dino-snore!
What is fast, loud and crunchy? A rocket chip!
Why did the teddy bear say no to dessert? Because she was stuffed.
What has ears but cannot hear? A cornfield.
What did the left eye say to the right eye? Between us, something smells!
What do you get when you cross a vampire and a snowman? Frost bite!
What did one plate say to the other plate?  Dinner is on me!
Why did the student eat his homework? Because the teacher told him it was a piece of cake!
When you look for something, why is it always in the last place you look? Because when you find it, you stop looking.
What is brown, hairy and wears sunglasses? A coconut on vacation.
Two pickles fell out of a jar onto the floor. What did one say to the other?  Dill with it.
What did the Dalmatian say after lunch? That hit the spot!
Why did the kid cross the playground? To get to the other slide.
How does a vampire start a letter? Tomb it may concern...
What do you call a droid that takes the long way around?  R2 detour.
How do you stop an astronaut’s baby from crying? You rocket!
What is a witch’s favorite subject in school? Spelling!
When does a joke become a “dad” joke? When the punchline is a parent.
How do you make a lemon drop? Just let it fall
Today at the bank, an old lady asked me to help check her balance. So I pushed her over.
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I've been tripping all day.
I told my girlfriend she drew her eyebrows too high. She seemed surprised.
My dog used to chase people on a bike a lot. It got so bad, finally I had to take his bike away.
I'm so good at sleeping. I can do it with my eyes closed.
My boss told me to have a good day.. so I went home.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? He neverlands.
A woman walks into a library and asked if they had any books about paranoia. The librarian says "They're right behind you!"
The other day, my wife asked me to pass her lipstick but I accidentally passed her a glue stick. She still isn't talking to me.
Why do blind people hate skydiving? It scares the hell out of their dogs.
When you look really closely, all mirrors look like eyeballs.
My friend says to me: "What rhymes with orange" I said: "No it doesn't"
What do you call a guy with a rubber toe? Roberto.
What did the pirate say when he turned 80 years old? Aye matey.
My wife told me I had to stop acting like a flamingo. So I had to put my foot down.
I couldn't figure out why the baseball kept getting larger. Then it hit me.
Why did the old man fall in the well? Because he couldn't see that well.
I ate a clock yesterday, it was very time consuming.
Whatdya call a frenchman wearing sandals? Phillipe Phillope.
A blind man walks into a bar. And a table. And a chair.
I know a lot of jokes about unemployed people but none of them work.
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
Did you hear about the italian chef that died? He pasta way.
As I suspected, someone has been adding soil to my garden. The plot thickens.
How do crazy people go through the forest? They take the physco path.
And the lord said unto John, "Come forth and you will receive eternal life". John came fifth and won a toaster.
What did the traffic light say to the car? Don’t look! I’m about to change.
I just wrote a book on reverse psychology. Do not read it!
What did one hat say to the other? You stay here. I’ll go on ahead.
